Elisabetta Caldesi
3/22/17
report.txt

For this project, we are planning on reading in from the University's website of nutrition, information about every meal. Once we have extracted the information form the website (possibly using python scripting) we want to save all of those variables into structures or classes that use composition and inheritance. The program will ask the user what meal they want to eat and at what dining hall. Then it will ask for meat, station, vegetables, fruit and drink (this is what we have so far but we're planning on extending it so that it matches the contents of the nutrition website perfectly and therefore it will be easier to save the information we read in. One the program has obtained all of the info, it will output a sample menu with the calories of each food. 
My part was to write the classes for everything and set them up with composition and hierarchy. I realize while working on it that the main difficulty for me was to figure out how to fill up the classes with memebers once we have the information from the website. What I think will be best to do is read in the information about food asked by the user into a text file and do the same into another text file for calories. Once we have those two text files I could write a script that fills in the classes with the information contained in the text file. 
Now, having the classes filled, I will have print functions that display the different foods and calories of the meal selected at a certain dining hall.I believe for this project the hardest challenge is reading in correctly from the website and then finding a way to fill in those classes. 
At South Dining Hall, the stations are Bread, Salads, Deli, SDH Grill, SDH Homestyle, Homestyle Vegan, SDH Asian, SDH Pan-American, SDH Pastaria, SDH Pizza, Desserts.
At North Dining Hall the stations are almost the same. 
So the class station has-a meat class, veggie class etc. The meat class is-a chicken, steak etc classes. every class like meat has a name member and a calories member. 
I worked on this project for about three hours over break and an hour on Tuesday night. Even though there is so much to still figure out, I think I helped my group make progress.

The rubric is very similar to milestones,

Total out of 40 points.

Main goal: make a general layout template for the different classes and use inheritance and coomposition to link them. 

15 points: base classes are made for North Dining Hall and South Dining Hall with appropriate members and functions.

10 points: there are multiple classes that use hineritance from the two dining hall classes. The set up is correct, the members are correctly used. The classes handle the meal choice, and the different meal choices. 

10 points: there is an algorithm that calculates the calories of each food for dining hall quantity based on the information found on the Internet (because the dining hall menus don't display the calories). Develop a way to read in from a file and add those values as a member of each food class. 

5 points: program compiles correctly.

Obviously this rubric depends a lot on how we're going to reaad in from website and save into class memebers, but it's a good rubric to test the functionality of the program once it's figured out. 
